docs: clarify promise behavior in executeScript return value (#41916) (#41932)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/scripting/executescript/index.md

Reviewer: Replace hard-coded link with [a macro](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Macros/Commonly_used_macros).

```suggestion
A {{JSxRef("Promise")}} that fulfills with an array of `InjectionResult` objects, which represent the result of the injected script in every injected frame.
```

Reviewer: This paragraph feels to me like a more natural place to mention Promise handling.

```suggestion
The result of a script is the value produced by the last evaluated statement. If the last statement produces a Promise, the result is the settled value of that Promise. This is similar to the results seen if you execute the script in the [Web Console](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/web_console/index.html) (excluding any `console.log()` output). For example, consider a script like this:
```

NOTE: This suggestion is mutually exclusive with [this suggestion](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41932/files#r2535259963).

The script result must be a [structured cloneable](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm) value in Firefox or a [JSON-serializable](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/stringify#description) value in Chrome. The [Chrome incompatibilities](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Chrome_incompatibilities) article discusses this difference in more detail in the [Data cloning algorithm](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Chrome_incompatibilities#data_cloning_algorithm) section.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The script result must be a [structured cloneable](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm) value in Firefox or a [JSON-serializable](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/stringify#description) value in Chrome. The [Chrome incompatibilities](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Chrome_incompatibilities) article discusses this difference in more detail in the [Data cloning algorithm](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Chrome_incompatibilities#data_cloning_algorithm) section.

> **Note:** If the injected script returns a Promise, the `executeScript()` API awaits the Promise then applies structured cloning to the result. This behavior matches Chrome's implementation, where the returned Promise is awaited.

Reviewer: This appears to be the place where we describe injected scripts a having a return value. For consistency, we should instead use "script result" or "result of the script". 

```suggestion
**Note:** If the script result is Promise, the `executeScript()` API awaits resolution of the Promise before applying structured cloning to settled value. This behavior matches Chrome's implementation, where the returned Promise is awaited.
```

NOTE: This suggestion is mutually exclusive with [this suggestion](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/41932/files#r2535260662).

> **Note:** If the injected script returns a Promise, the `executeScript()` API awaits the Promise then applies structured cloning to the result. This behavior matches Chrome's implementation, where the returned Promise is awaited.

Reviewer: This is out of scope for this PR, but IMO we should move this block (lines 64-75) into it's own sub-header under the main description for organization and linking purposes.
